my greatest success has been when I was accepted to U C. Berkeley. That's
when I started going to college and I put forth the effort and I
actually applied once and I was rejected. Um, I don't think that I
had all the classes that you needed to take, but the point is, I didn't
really push myself as hard as I wanted to a Zai did in the Navy.
Um, I think I had, like, a 3.7 or 3.6 or something like that. And,
um, I applied and the rejection letter came. And, um, that's basically
the main school that I wanted to go to this whole entire time. So
rather than give up, Um, actually, I stayed another year, make sure
that I finished all the classes that were required, which was a big
one. I found out later, Um, but I made sure that I got, like, a basic
4.0, that I did an internship that that I started to cross off all
the t's and dot all the I's that it takes to get there. And that acceptance
letter came and I was ecstatic about that